The little fortune teller is finally ready
Oops, as long as Lin Xinyue's two kidneys are replaced
And so forth.
Didn't we agree to only exchange one of Lin Xinyue's kidneys?
Is there a difference between one and two?
What's the difference?
That bitch Lin Xinyue must die
This Lin Xinyue must live
He is me and Li Nan, can you negotiate?
Li Weiying, you still have the face to negotiate with me
Go and catch him for me
Song Zu was imprisoned for life
You come here
Come here again.
Believe it or not, I will die for you.
Your life has nothing to do with me
A heart like yours is not upright
I don't deserve to be a man in our family for a long time
Isn't it when you go out more?
Handshake is also possible
What hahaha good
you
Force me again
It's almost your turn
Mr. Lin, I'm afraid you're late
Lin Xinyue's kidney
Swear at this time
It has been transplanted into Lin Xiaojiao's body
Oh is it hahaha
Don't be afraid
Here I come.
Doctor, what about our daughter?
What's going on?
Lin Xiaoxiao's kidneys have completely failed
There is no need for a transplant.
Prepare for X-ray
Ah what
I want to die
That's really impossible.